and finally new rule if you can't read
you can't be President
now I know Donald Trump is a stable
genius but he he handles a teleprompter
about as well as the Real Housewives
handle wine that's why it took him an
hour and a half to sound out the State
of the Union address the man is an
after-school special waiting to happen
he read so slowly they had to set the
teleprompter speed to Shatner
now of course the president can read a
little
FDR could dance a little but
those are the people you have to talk to
I'm sending you out but according to
Michael Wolfe for Trump quote if it was
in print it might as well not exist some
believe that for all practical purpose
he was no more than semi-literate ooh
burn I'm pretty sneaky a wolf to put it
where Trump will never see it
[Applause]
today we learned the Trump does not read
the presidential daily briefing as every
other president has members of the
National Security Council say the only
way to get him to read a memo is to
stick his name in every paragraph
because he keeps reading if he's
mentioned like a baby will keep eating
his Peas if you go here comes the
airplane every time you could tell Trump
has not taken in new information for
decades because he's always saying most
people don't know that about things that
most people do in fact know nobody knew
that health care could be so complicated
Abraham Lincoln most people don't even
know it was a Republican people don't
realize we are an unbelievably divided
country
people don't know this about Iraq but
they have among the largest oil reserves
in the world
he writes it himself
here's a picture of Trump hard at work
have you ever seen an emptier desk no
need for pen paper or any device it's
all up here baby and that is possibly
the worst thing about him his certainty
that all he knows is all anybody would
ever need to know psychologists call
this the dunning-kruger effect the
tendency of ignorant people to think
they're much smarter than they are
usually it's harmless and just leads to
rock bands making concept albums about
robots but it gets scary when it leads
to a president who thinks global warming
isn't real because it still snows Trump
says I like reading as little as
possible I don't need you know 200 page
reports on something that can be handled
on a page he's actually proud that he
makes decisions without learning
anything which makes him the perfect
president for a nation perpetually
looking at its phone to attack the Farr
illiteracy isn't Trump's shame it's his
bond with us a sub literate president
for a sub literate country a country
where a majority of adults get their
news from Facebook and 24% of teenagers
are almost constantly online mostly with
James Franco
a quarter of Americans say they haven't
read a book in the past year and the
other three-quarters are lying lately
the hottest thing in publishing has been
adult coloring books which you can find
in the bookstore in this section marked
seriously people will always say I love
to read but don't dig into that too deep
what they mean is they went to Barnes
and Nobles to buy a cat calendar and on
the way out picked up yet another book
on cooking in the miracle pot or a
self-help book or one of the many
stories of a boy who dies and meets
Jesus in heaven and comes back to life
or some nonsense it's really for
juveniles like Harry Potter or Twilight
I mean there's reading and then there's
reading Fifty Shades of Grey is to
literature with candy corn is to
vegetables
and I hate to tell you Facebook it's not
a place to read in the sense of
garnering real and valuable information
Facebook is what replaced reading so
you'd have more time to take pictures of
your dick and no sorry staring at your
phone doesn't make you a reader any more
than watching fireworks makes you an
astronomer we're getting a tramp stamp
makes your ass a museum